Add Deep Links (#10834)
gradio-app/gradio: guides/04_additional-features/07_sharing-your-app.md

  <source src="https://github.com/gradio-app/gradio/blob/main/guides/assets/hf_demo.mp4?raw=true" type="video/mp4" />
</video>

## Sharing Deep Links

> You can add a button to your Gradio app that creates a unique URL you can use to share your app **as it currently is** with others. This is useful for sharing unique and interesting generations from your application , or for saving a snapshot of your app at a particular point in time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add a button to your Gradio app that creates a unique URL you can use to share your app and all components **as they currently are** with others. This is useful for sharing interesting generations from your application or for saving a snapshot of your app at a particular point in time.
```

To add a deep link button to your app, place the `gr.DeepLinkButton` component anywhere in your app.
For the URL to be accessible to others, your app must be available at a public URL. So be sure to host your app like Hugging Face Spaces or use the `share=True` parameter when launching your app.

Let's see an example of how this works. Here's a simple Gradio chat ap that uses the `gr.DeepLinkButton` component. After a couple of messages, click the deep link button and paste it into a new browser tab to see the app as it is at that point in time.

$code_deep_link

> $demo_deep_link

Reviewer: I don't think this demo was pushed (which might also be why the CI is failing)

Author: yea good call!
